hey guys Niki Novak here for young
Hollywood on the set of the McCarthy's
I'm not gonna judge us heads up guys
Ronnie's about the judges I'm here with
Tyler Ritter the star of the show relax
the most comfortable couch in the world
I am here with Helen Coleman good to see
you
Jimmy's here I'm pretending not to see
him he's gonna commit hi bra oh we on
television done that's me that's you
yeah I was a two-time Boston Globe AUSA
how'd it go with Gerard last night oh no
you didn't tell him and you somehow made
it worse
oh my god he's gonna propose a
Thanksgiving how do you do that a mother
no a witch no it's great to see you we
keep having to hush cuz they're working
I still can't believe you pick Ronny to
coach with you dad I've been JV coach
forever I should have gotten that job hi
guys okay here with it should I call you
Joey Mac Jack McGee good to see you guys
it's great to be here
I'm gonna let girl out for a minute
obsessed with your hair that's nice
Oh what is wrong with
bang how's the experience in so far it's
been amazing but we're really an
unsolvable caste very humble but they
really are trying to make it real Boston
yeah and Brian the guy who created the
show is a Boston guy and so he knows we
need that authentic boss department even
AK what an AK are you well I you know I
yeah why hm might be like I don't know
your your hernia I mean my friends just
think I'm playing myself I like to think
that I've matured over the years so what
did you do when you found out you got
this role was there a celebration there
was yeah I went to in and out and I had
a double-double yeah I'm gonna be honest
with you I had two double-doubles I'm
having a black I don't think you want to
leave sweet you could just stick around
I'll sit with Barry Erica folks Merlin
said in the McCarthy's right now my rock
Thank You Arthur your nonsense is just
what I need right now
Laurie Metcalf is our answer
so she's legit she's she's she's not
from this planet but it was really fun
however that everybody clicked together
really quickly yeah well we actually
love to be here and we have so much fun
you know sort of remember that Joey is
like at lunch breaks into dance yeah
that's true
not every lunch and not many at lunch
he's just he's a very happy funny guy I
hear you have a fantastic voice what do
we do I think a killer man we sang we
plays you may be right I may be crazy
but it just may be during the tape
nights we we sing a song you know we got
about 200 people that come in to watch a
show Friday nights and the Blockheads
come out which are New Kids on the Block
fans they've been so supportive they're
so into the show they're really loud man
urge etic they have pictures of him on
sticks like his face yeah somebody told
me that you actually wore a new kids fan
it's just great to have that energy
in the audience every Friday I had a
thermos the dolls you know the new kids
dolls with the stage in the microphones
Joey dances for them and they know that
that's coming so you give them what they
want there's that dance and a little bit
of a dancing a little bit yeah they
taught your boy band moves yes yeah we
do a bit of the dancing back of them at
one point show me a move yeah Joey has
said about my version of the new kids
dance and I quote I've seen that dance
done a million ways never as bad as that
it turns into the rhythm right stop a
lot of rhythm I won't ask you to do it I
ask everybody else to do it okay thank
you you want to do it no I don't I
thought that was sad that I was coming
okay so we're river dancing
we're river dancin we're dancin in
Ronnie's apartment you TV apartment with
Nicky gonna show you guys around we
decided it's mid-century modern make a
whole lot of sense we have a bunch of
amazing books my favorite of which of
course which is why it's at the top is
Italian cooking yes we've got some DVDs
timecode I mean who doesn't have this
you just have to have it you don't have
to watch it so yeah this is my book and
CD and DVD and there's one PlayStation 2
game you know just the throwback um
there was an episode it was one of my
favorite episodes it was when the guy
that you used to date he's called
spoiler alert buy your debt your TV dad
anybody ever spoil anything for you
really bad um The Lion King was spoiled
for me
yeah sporting events all the time oh
yeah and when you when you have to DVR
you just walk around for a whole week oh
one of my best friends was like I was
like I'm usually the spoiler are you
describing
oh yes cus so coming from Illinois I am
a huge Chicago fan but I remember Bulls
games getting completely ruined here is
my layout I got a nice flat screen not
hanging on the wall this one is not
hanging all the time I got I like my
crosswords my dad was always very intent
on me putting a game face on no way you
can see that so I never smiled what can
you teach me the game face yeah here
this will be my bat
there's always like a little bit of
sadness and pain either your cast and
crew a very dirty or they dirty this up
for real a realistic effect
I just eat very greasy food and then I
like to come in here and just touch
everything that's my apartment on this
is where the magic goes down a lot of it
does it does especially some yearbook
pictures yes this was when I was in my
hard gel phase didn't work out so well
for me Jimmy just went out after all
and that's jelly yeah that's definitely
Joey wonderful sweater ninth of railroad
yeah you've got going on you'll often
find Ronnie drying dishes over here
that's kind of his chore and it doesn't
seem like anyone else has any other
chores they're always just hanging out
drinking coffee but he holds no hard
feelings let's go to the living room
most of the times we as the macarthy's
will just take the food from the dining
room table bring it to the couch so that
we can watch TV while we because that's
what we do obviously the moment was very
much wait is that you pretty hard gel oh
yeah well you've gone through a lot of
hair phases this was my gym gun when I
understood that bangs were popping this
was pre Jim Carrey Dumb and Dumber by
the way I set that trend boom this is
the choker phase got a little Kelly
coming up here sweetie pie lil sis
and we were looking all your kid photos
and he's had so many bad sorry
he's the nicest guy to us anything bad
about a terrible haircut and yours and
that put its banks exactly the same but
she hasn't you know don't that's right
you know it's so cozy it's so cool this
is real McCarthy spending 99% of the
time comes from some time with us
the McCarthy all right we're about to
zip out here ready I just joke I like
the Joey
you